# Vulnfetcher
A rudimentary vulnerability scanner for installed debian packages. It checks a filelist (generated by 'dpkg -l > file') against known vulnerabilities, by searching websites and scoring the results.

## Word of caution: 
This tool webscrapes google, which is against their policies. This tool does it with a fairly big pause in between searches, but still: using this tool might might ban you (temporarily) from google. Obviously this is written for conceptual reasons and I do not endorse that you use it, nor do I take responsibility if you do.

## Expectations
I am not a coder... I just thought this would help me in my work. Coding is more something I do out of a need, so I don't plan on improving this. Bugreports and feauture requests will therefore probably stay unanswered.

If any real coder would like to contribute to this: by all means, please do!

## Install dependencies
```
pip3 install requests
pip3 install beautifulsoup4
pip3 install lxml
```
## Install
```
cd /opt
git clone https://github.com/gnothiseautonlw/vulnfetcher.git
```
## Usage
```
dpkg -l > file
python3 vulnfetcher.py file
```
## Help
```
python3 vulnfetcher.py -h
```

## Suggested Development Roadmap
If a coder would like to pick this up, here's a suggested roadmap:
* Have some solution for the google restrictions
** Currently the search is slowed down bigtime (the program waits 5 secdons in between each search), since google doesn't allow crawling their results. Having some solution for this would be great.
** Maybe a non-profit google-api-key?
* Adding a progress bar when searching.
** It would allow to display only results with a higher score and keep the output more condenced when the search is running
* Improving the scoring algorithm 
** could be improved by doing more testing
* Make code more beautiful.
** I actually learned python to write this program, so I expect the code can be improved a lot
